>> Woodruff: THE AMERICAN
COLLEGE STUDENT IMPRISONED BY
NORTH KOREA FOR OVER A YEAR HAS
DIED, JUST DAYS AFTER BEING
RETURNED TO THE U.S. IN A COMA.
OTTO WARMBIER WENT TO NORTH
KOREA AS PART OF A TOUR GROUP IN
2015.
HE WAS JAILED FOR ALLEGEDLY
LING A PROPAGANDA POSTER.
HIS PARENTS ANNOUNCED HIS DEATH
IN STATEMENT TODAY, BLAMING THE
"AWFUL TORTUOUS MISTREATMENT"
THEIR SON RECEIVED AT THE HANDS
OF THE NORTH KOREAN REGIME.
WARMBIER WAS 22 YES OLD.
IN A STATEMENT LATE TODAY,
PRESIDENT TRUMP SAID "THE U.S.
CONDEMNS THE BRUTALITY OF THE
NORTH KOREAN REGIME AS WE MOURN
ITS LATEST VICTIM."
TENSIONS ARE RISING ONCE AGAIN
BETWEEN THE U.S. AND RUSSIA,
OVER THE CONFLICT IN SYRIA.
THE U.S. DOWNING OF A SYRIAN
WARPLANE PROMPTED A WARNING FROM
MOSCOW: SOME AIRCRAFT FROM THE
U.S. LED COALITION WILL BE NOW
TRACKED AS POTENTIAL THREATS.
WE'LL TAKE A CLOSER LOOK AT THE
DOWNING OF THE PLANE, AND WHAT
IT MEANS FOR THE SITUATION IN
SYRIA, AFTER THE NEWS SUMMARY.
THE U.S. SUPREME COURT IS TAKING
UP PARTISAN GERRYMANDERING, IN A
WISCONSIN CASE THAT COULD HAVE
FAR-REACHING CONSEQUENCES.
THE JUSTICES AGREED TODAY TO
HEAR WHETHER REPUBLICANS DREW
ELECTORAL DISTRICTS THAT
VIOLATED THE RIGHTS OF
DEMOCRATS.
ALSO TODAY: THE HIGH COURT
STRUCK DOWN PART OF A LAW THAT
BANS OFFENSIVE TRADEMARKS.
AN ASIAN-AMERICAN ROCK BAND
CALLED "THE SLANTS" HAD BEEN
DENIED A TRADEMARK.
THE DECISION COULD HELP THE
WASHINGTON REDSKINS ORGANIZATION
IN ITS OWN LEGAL FIGHT.
THE COURT ALSO STRUCK DOWN A
NORTH CAROLINA LAW BANNING
CONVICTED SEX OFFENDERS FROM
SOCIAL MEDIA SITES.
THE CUBAN GOVERNMENT TODAY
REJECTED PRESIDENT TRUMP'S NEW
POLICY TOWARD THE ISLAND NATION.
ON FRIDAY, THE PRESIDENT
ANNOUNCED A ROLL-BACK OF RE-
ENGAGEMENT WITH HAVANA.
HE ORDERED RESTRICTIONS ON
AMERICANS TRAVELING TO CUBA, AND
DEALINGS WITH ITS MILITARY.
TODAY, CUBA'S FOREIGN MINISTER
DELIVERED A SHARP REBUKE OF THE
POLICY CHANGES, ON A TRIP TO
VIENNA.
>> PRESIDENT TRUMP'S POLICY
CONSTITUTES A SETBACK IN
BILATERAL RELATIONS.
AS IT OCCURRED IN THE PAST, THE
ANNOUNCED MEASURES WILL NO
SERVE THEIR INTENDED PURPOSES.
QUITE ON THE CONTRARY, THEY WILL
IMPOSE RESTRICTIONS ON CITIZENS'
FREEDOMS, THEY WILL COST
TAXPAYERS MORE MONEY, THEY WILL
>> Woodruff: RODRIGUEZ ALSO SAID
THE U.S. HAS NO "LEGAL OR MORAL
BASIS" TO DEMAND THE RETURN OF
POLITICAL REFUGEES WHO'VE
RECEIVED ASYLUM IN CUBA.
THERE'S BEEN YET ANOTHER
TERRORIST ATTACK IN LONDON.
AT LEAST NINE PEOPLE WERE
WOUNDED, AFTER A VAN PLOWED INTO
WORSHIPPERS OUTSIDE A MOSQUE.
BRITISH MEDIA NAMED THE SUSPECT
WHO WAS LIVING IN WALES.BORNE,
FATIMA MANJI FROM INDEPENDENT
TELEVISION NEWS REPORTS.
>> Reporter: PULLED OUT OF A VAN
AND PINNED DOWN, MOMENTS AFTER
HE APPEARED TO DRIVE IT INTO A
CROWD, INJURING MUSLIM
WORSHIPPERS WHO JUST LEFT MOSQUE
IN FINSBURY PARK.
AMID COMMOTION, HE'S BUNDLED
INTO POLICE CUSTODY, SOME IN
THIS REACTION AS HE SITS DOWN, A
WAVE FOR THE CAMERAS.
EVENTS BEGAN AS ELDERLY MA
COLLAPSED, A GROUP WAS GIVING
HIM FIRST AID.
THE VAN PLOWED THROUGH THEM,
THEN HIT OTHERS ON STREET.
THE VICTIMS ARE THOUGHT TO BE
DIFFERENT AGES AND RACES, BUT
ALL MUSLIM.
>> HIM, AND THERE WERE ALSO
PEOPLE TRYING TO RIP HIM APART,
THERE WERE PEOPLE SAYING NO,
WAIT FOR THE POLICE TO ARRIVE.
HE'D BEEN HELD ON INSTIGATION OF
TERRORISM INCLUDING MURDER AND D
ATTEMPTED MURDER.
BY EARLY AFTERNOON THE PRIME
MINISTER ARRIVED.
MINISTER HAD ARRIVED, CONSCIENCE
OF CRITICISM SHE RECEIVED IN
SHE SOUGHT TO QUICKLY REASSURE.
>> T TERRIBLE TERRORIST ATTACK
THAT TOOK PLACE LAST NIGHT WAS
AN EVIL ACT, BORN OUT OF HATRED,
THAT DEVASTATED A COMMUNITY.
I'M PLEASED TO HAVE BEEN HERE
TODAY TO SEE STRENGTH OF
COMMUNITY, COMING TOGETHER, ALL
>> Reporter: AS SHE LEFT SHE WAS
HECKLED WITH CHANTS OF MAY MUST
GO.
EXTRA POLICE PATROLS HAVE NOW
BEEN PROMISED TO PROTECT MUSLIM
COMMUNITIES, PARTICULARLY
RAMADAN.
>> THIS ATTACK, THE ATTACK ON
LONDON BRIDGE, WESTMINSTER
BRIDGE, ALL ATTACKS ARE AN
ATTACK ON SHARED VALUES OF
FREEDOM, RESPECT.
WE WILL NOT ALLOW THESE
TERRORISTS TO SUCCEED.
>> Reporter: MEANWHILE, CANDLES
LIT, FLOWERS LAID, ANOTHER
TERROR ATTACK, ANOTHER TRIBUTE.
LONDON MOURNS AGAIN.
>> Woodruff: ONE MAN DID DIE ON
THE SCENE, BUT IT WASN'T CLEAR
WHETHER IT WAS A DIRECT RESULT
OF THE ATTACK.
ALSO TODAY: A MAN IN PARIS WAS
KILLED AFTER RAMMING A CAR
CARRYING EXPLOSIVES INTO A
POLICE VEHICLE ON THE CHAMPS-
ELYSEES.
NO ONE ELSE WAS HURT.
THE DEATH TOLL FROM LAST WEEK'S
HIGH-RISE APARTMENT BUILDING
FIRE IN LONDON HAS RISEN TO 79.
POLICE SAY THE NUMBER INCLUDES
BOTH CONFIRMED DEAD AND THOSE
MISSING AND PRESUMED DEAD.
ACROSS WEST LONDON, A MOMENT OF
SILENCE WAS HELD TODAY FOR THE
VICTIMS.
EMERGENCY SERVICE WORKERS BOWED
THEIR HEADS TO PAY TRIBUTE.
THE U.S. NAVY HAS IDENTIFIED THE
SEVEN SAILORS WHO DIED IN A
COLLISION BETWEEN THEIR
DESTROYER AND A CONTAINER SHIP
OFF JAPAN.
SEARCHERS RECOVERED THE BODIES
IN FLOODED COMPARTMENTS OF THE
U.S.S. "FITZGERALD."
THE SHIP HAS RETURNED TO ITS
HOME PORT OF YOKOSUKA.
THE CAUSE OF SATURDAY'S PRE-DAWN
COLLISION IS BEING INVESTIGATED.
THE NUMBER OF DISPLACED PEOPLE
WORLDWIDE REACHED A RECORD 65.6
MILLION LAST YEAR.
THE U.N. REFUGEE AGENCY RERTS
THE FIGURE WAS UP SLIGHTLY FROM
THE PREVIOUS YEAR, MOSTLY DUE TO
THE CIVIL WAR IN SOUTH SUDAN.
MEANWHILE, IN THE MEDITERRANEAN,
U.N. OFFICIALS SAY NEARLY 130
MIGRANTS DROWNED LAST WEEK,
WHEN THEIR DINGHY FOUNDERED OFF
THE COAST OF LIBYA.
THE TALKS TO LEAD BRITAIN OUT OF
THE EUROPEAN UNION ARE OFF TO A
CONSTRUCTIVE START.
SO SAYS THE U.K. NEGOTIATOR,
DAVID DAVIS, WHO FORMALLY BEGAN
NEGOTIATIONS WITH HIS E.U.
COUNTERPART IN BRUSSELS TODAY.
IT'S BEEN NEARLY A YEAR SINCE
BRITISH VOTERS OPTED TO QUIT THE
E.U.
AND ON WALL STREET TODAY, THE
DOW JONES INDUSTAL AVERAGE
GAINED 144 POINTS TO CLOSE AT